ok this is the GOG ecstasy I already did
an unboxing review I shot it yesterday
and it's pretty quiet it's like insanely
quiet for those paintball guns I was
safer here because I printed off the
firing modes and I'm going to go through
them so to change them hold the trigger
down you press this ok and because if
it's my looking stuff we have to change
also go back to the red it's alright it
hold down till it goes away then let's
take a stand on plus it whoops messed up
ok so long ride press it once or similar
blinks back at you and can go ahead and
chop it off turn it back on I don't know
why but it doesn't always ok but yes so
that's how you change the most part it
out as an example how about the driving
part so one trigger pull would be for
semi-automatic to is capped it's a lower
bps because versus being untapped going
as fast as your trigger finger cap so it
only goes i'm guessing the 20 BPS and
EXO is three poles I've never used em
excelled in excess PSP is for number 52
millennium then CS ok i'm not sure that
stands for but that's number six out
there c-fos and then seven my favorite
is auto response if you don't know if it
is since you pull the trigger guitars
you like over the trigger it fires so
you're going like that it's firing the
one two three four that's pretty good
select fire you put that on and you can
so once you put select fire on
each time you'll press a button so you
shut the gun off you turn it back on and
you're on semi then you press again it
it's inverse and press it again and
you're in pilotto then nine poles of the
trigger is first ten is fully automatic
11 is rebound and 12 is billy ball so
the gun does have 12 different firing
range is pretty amazing here that's it